---
title: 'UD Biden School Student Association'
#date: 2021-06-01
permalink: /posts/2021/06/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - bssa
---

2021-2022 Secretary & Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Group Supporter

BSSA
======

The [Biden School Student Association](https://www.bidenschool.udel.edu/about/student-groups) is the official student organization of the school. The group facilitates communication between the students and faculty and staff of the school, and advocates for the interests of Biden School students. 

The group is dedicated to:
- Facilitating communication between the faculty, staff and students of the Biden School
- Advocating for the interests of Biden School students by providing a representative forum for their opinions
- Participating in the development and formation of policy and practices as they relate to students of the School
- Making recommendations to the administration of the School on all matters determined pertinent to students
- Participating in the professional development of Biden School students
- Providing social and networking opportunities to Biden School students
- Engaging constructively in the community on a local, regional and national level to improve administration and the development of policy.

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)
======

[Biden School Standing Committee on Diversity and Inclusion](https://www.bidenschool.udel.edu/about/diversity-equity-inclusion)

The Biden School is committed to meaningful action that promotes diversity, equity, and inclusive excellence. We value diversity of all types including race, ethnicity, religion, color, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, and national origin. Together with the faculty, staff, and students, particularly those from BIPOC and LGBTQIA+ communities, we understand the need for urgent action. We offer a steadfast commitment to ongoing listening, support of productive dialogue, and increased awareness to drive inclusion and meaningful, sustained positive change within our communities.

The Biden School Standing Committee on Diversity and Inclusion is partnering with the University of Delaware Office of Institutional Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion to identify University-level improvements on which we can engage.

The group is working to identify immediate, mid-term, and long-term objectives with measurable activities on DEI within the Biden School and is developing a strategic plan​.

- Starting Fall 2021, the committee will hold two open meetings a year.
- A meeting, open to the Biden School community, will be held during the fall semester to both inform the community and seek input on the committee's agenda.
- A meeting, open to the Biden School community at the end of the spring semester, before the committee adjourns for summer, will be held to provide an update on the work accomplished year-to-date.
- Starting now, the committee will provide opportunities for feedback on agenda items via community input/feedback forms that will be made available through the DEI webpage and the newsletter.
- Starting now, the committee will provide opportunities for two-way communication with stakeholders as and when the need arises.​

BSSA DEI Group
======
- Starting Spring 2022, the Biden School Student Association launched student groups for DEI at a student level.
- Counducting monthly meetings for promoting DEI initatives, gathering opinions from students, and making voices for students in the Biden School.

Role
-----
- As a Secretary, I supported the groups including DEI group for administrative process. 
- As a starting group, I promoted DEI initatives in school and other graduate student organizations.  
