---
title: 'UD Computational Social Science Association'
#date: 2022-10-31
permalink: /posts/2022/10/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - python
  - training
  - cssa
---

2022-2023 Interim President/Vice President & [Python Training Session](https://github.com/kleeresearch/training) Lecturer


UD CSSA
======

PURPOSE
------
UD Computational Social Science Association shall be operated exclusively for scientific, community, and educational purposes. The purpose includes but is not limited to promoting basic and applied research and providing education in computational social science along with promoting the application of data science practices and principles to the domain of social science research. Computational social science employs computer-based approaches to advance our fundamental interdisciplinary understanding of social dynamics on many scales of spatial-temporal complexity, ranging from the human mind to global society and the organizational levels in between.

GOALS and OBJECTIVES
------
The goals and objectives of the UD Computational Social Science Association are to advance computational social science as a discipline along with aid the growth and development of graduate students in the arts and sciences by helping them to integrate quantitative methodological training and techniques. The goal of the association is also to give graduate students leadership opportunities to present talks/host workshops to not only develop themselves/ but aid in the development of others as well.

HELPING THE UD COMMUNITY
------
The University of Delaware community benefits from this group becoming a registered grad student organization because this organization is a direct off-shoot of the UD Data Science Institute -- extending the DSI community to the graduate student population specifically geared towards the social sciences. The organization will provide University of Delaware graduate students in the social sciences who may not be familiar with quantitative methodologies and practices the opportunity to learn and apply such practices in their own fields of research -- ultimately creating more well-rounded scholars and advancing graduate student education.

INDIVIDUAL BENEFITS
------
Our organization will benefit individual members through giving members the opportunity to enhance their knowledge in the realm of computational social science -- especially for those students who may not otherwise think to use computational social science methods in their research. It will also provide members the opportunity to host workshops and lead educational discussions along with present their research at monthly meetings. The organization will also foster community and provide a space for students with similar research interests to come together.

QUALIFICATIONS FOR MEMBERSHIP
------
Membership is open to any UD graduate student conditional upon their support for the purpose statement of the organization.

QUALIFICATIONS FOR OFFICERS
------
All board members shall serve two-year terms and are eligible for reelection. The term of office shall be considered to begin January  (or upon creation of the association as to which comes sooner) and end December 31 of the second year in office, unless the term is extended until such time as a successor has been elected. In order to be eligible to serve as an officer on the board of directors, the individual must be a graduate student at the University of Delaware and be a member in good standing. For position of the president -- the president must be elected from the existing executive board in order to ensure competency at the helm of the organization. (Limitations of this requirement are detailed in the bylaws)



Training Sessions Lecturer
======
- Fall 2022 Training Session [Geospatial Analysis in Python](https://github.com/kleeresearch/training/blob/main/cssa_s2_geospatial_analysis_answer.ipynb)

- Spring 2023 Training Session [Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: The Basic Python Tools](https://github.com/kleeresearch/training/blob/main/cssa_s3_diversity%2C_euiqty%2C_and_inclusion_Answer.ipynb)


